https://www.mom.gov.sg/about-us/mom70 
## We are 70!

Founded in 1955 as the Ministry of Labour and Welfare, the Ministry of
Manpower (MOM) is celebrating our 70th anniversary this year. Over the
decades, MOM has been at the forefront of driving policies that empower
workers, support businesses, and enhance workplace safety and harmony. While
our founding mission remains unchanged at the heart of what we do, we have
continuously evolved our approaches to stay relevant in an ever-changing
landscape.

This significant milestone is a commemoration of the efforts of generations of
MOM officers, and a tribute to the resilience and contributions of every
worker, employer, and partner who has walked this journey with us. As we look
to the future, MOM remains steadfast in meeting the evolving needs of the
workforce and changing workplace, and bettering the lives and livelihoods of
our people.

##  MOM 70th Anniversary: Celebrating Our People, Charting Our Progress,
Championing Our Potential

MOM commemorated this milestone on 5 April 2025 with a dinner graced by
President Tharman Shanmugaratnam as the Guest-of-Honour. The event brought
together former manpower Ministers, past and present MOM officers, key
partners and stakeholders to reflect on our shared achievements and reaffirm
our commitment to empowering workers, supporting businesses, and promoting
workplace harmony.

We unveiled the Ministry’s [refreshed logo](/about-us/about-mom#our-logo),
symbolising our continued commitment towards transformation and championing
human potential for a thriving Singapore. Additionally, MOM launched a
commemorative book titled [“Charting Our Path: 70 Years of Working Together
and Lessons for Tomorrow”](/about-us/mom70#book). The book outlines the
transformation of Singapore’s workforce and workplace over the past 70 years,
and the contributions of MOM in driving social and economic progress. As we
look ahead, MOM will continue to undertake transformative shifts to empower
Singaporeans for the future.

## Times Have Changed. Our Commitment Never Will.

VIDEO

Learn more about the schemes:  
[Earn and Save Bonus](/employment-practices/schemes-for-employers-and-
employees/majulah-package)  
[Retirement and Re-employment Act](/employment-practices/retirement)

Learn more about the schemes:  
[Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices](/employment-
practices/good-work-practices/fair-employment-practices)  
[Tripartite Guidelines on Flexible Work Arrangement Requests](/employment-
practices/good-work-practices/flexible-work-arrangements)

Learn more about the scheme:  
[Productivity Solutions Grant for Job
Redesign](https://www.wsg.gov.sg/home/employers-industry-partners/workforce-
development-job-redesign/support-for-job-redesign-under-productivity-
solutions-grant)

Learn more about the scheme:  
[Overseas Markets Immersion Programme](https://www.wsg.gov.sg/home/employers-
industry-partners/workforce-development-job-redesign/omip-for-employers)

Learn more about the schemes:  
[Career Conversion Programmes (for
individuals)](https://www.wsg.gov.sg/home/individuals/attachment-placement-
programmes/career-conversion-programmes-for-individuals)  
[Mid-Career Pathways
Programme](https://www.wsg.gov.sg/home/individuals/attachment-placement-
programmes/mid-career-pathways-programme-for-mature-mid-career-individuals)

## Charting Our Path: 70 Years of Working Together and Lessons for Tomorrow

_[Charting Our Path](/-/media/mom/documents/about-us/mom70/mom-70th-
anniversary-book.pdf)_ details the major milestones in MOM’s history, from
creating the conditions for industrial peace in the turbulent pre-independence
years, to preparing the workforce with the skills needed to support economic
growth and cushioning the impact of economic crises on workers and businesses.
Through these historical accounts, it explains the Ministry's efforts to
translate economic growth into socio-economic progress for Singaporeans.

## Did you know?

_Read on to find out more about MOM's 70-year journey!_

## Milestones in our history

### 1950s-1960s: The Early Years

_Chief Minister David Marshall meets 40 busmen at a Meet-the-People session to
address concerns over the arrest of their leader, Fong Swee Suan, Secretary of
the Singapore Bus Workers' Union, who was under emergency detention. (Photo
credit: SPH Media)_

_Workers of the Hock Lee Amalgamated Bus Company on strike at the company’s
bus depot on Alexandra Road on April 25, 1955. The strike escalated into a
riot on May 12. The Ministry created a new framework for industrial peace
during this turbulent era. (Photo credit: Ministry of Information and the Arts
Collections, courtesy of National Archives Singapore)_

The Ministry of Labour and Welfare was established in 1955 during a period of
severe industrial strife. To attract foreign investments into Singapore and
create jobs for its people, the Ministry introduced employment laws that
helped to resolve labour disputes, as well as the **Trade Unions Act** to
regulate union activities and achieve industrial harmony. This sowed the seeds
for tripartism as the Ministry built a lasting partnership between unions,
employers and government.

### 1970s-1980s: Industrialisation and Beyond

_Clockwise from the left, National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) Secretary
General Devan Nair (third), and Pioneer Industries Employees Union (PIEU) and
Singapore Industrial Labour Organisation (SILO) General Secretary Phey Yew Kok
(fourth) at National Wage Council’s (NWC) meeting._

With industrial peace established, Singapore turned to rapid industrialisation
to tackle widespread unemployment. The Ministry supported this by upgrading
the skills of our local workforce and calibrating access to foreign manpower.
The **National Wages Council** guided wage reforms and encouraged women to
participate in work. By the end of the decade, the focus shifted to raising
productivity.

As regional competition intensified, Singapore’s strategy centred on raising
wages to push industries up the value chain and boost productivity. The 1985
recession prompted a review of economic and labour policies, marking
Singapore's crucial shift towards higher-value industries such as electronics,
pharmaceuticals and financial services.

_Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew speaking at the inauguration of Productivity
Month in November 1983. National initiatives were organised to encourage
workers and businesses to raise their productivity. (Photo credit: Ministry of
Information and the Arts Collection, courtesy of National Archives of
Singapore)_

### 1990s: Developing Skilled Capital

_MOM’s headquarters on Havelock Road has been the cornerstone of Singapore’s
workforce development since its opening in 1991, supporting the mission to
develop a productive workforce and progressive workplaces, ensuring better
jobs and a secure retirement for Singaporeans. (Photo credit: MOM)_

_(From left) Deputy Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, Minister for Manpower Lee
Boon Yang, Minister for Education Teo Chee Hean, and MOM Permanent Secretary
Tan Chin Nam, at the launch of Manpower 21 on August 31, 1999. (Photo credit:
Ministry of Information and the Arts Collection, courtesy of National Archives
of Singapore)_

The Ministry of Labour was renamed to Ministry of Manpower (MOM) in 1998,
reflecting its expanded role in developing Singapore's only resource – its
people. Through the **Manpower 21 plan** , it set out to build a globally
competitive workforce through skills training, talent attraction, and strong
tripartite partnerships.

### 2000s: Through the Crises

A series of crises from 1997 to 2003 tested Singapore's economic resilience.
MOM supported workers and businesses by strengthening job matching and wage
flexibility measures. The Government also advocated for training and
reskilling programmes, including the establishment of the **Workforce
Development Agency** in 2003 to oversee continuing education and training.

_(From left) MOM Permanent Secretary Yong Ying-I, Prime Minister Goh Chok
Tong, Minister for Manpower Ng Eng Hen, and SNEF President Stephen Lee look on
as NTUC Secretary-General Lim Boon Heng spells out the acronym of the
Singapore Workforce Development Agency (WDA) at its launch on September 17,
2003. (Photo credit: Ministry of Information and the Arts Collection, courtesy
of National Archives of Singapore)_

### 2010s: Productive and Inclusive Growth

_Introduced in 2007, the Workfare Income Supplement is a broad-based measure
that tops up the salaries of lower-income workers to help them save for
retirement. (Photo credit: MOM)_

As workforce growth slowed due to demographic changes, Singapore needed to
move beyond labour-intensive growth. MOM thus shifted its focus towards
building a manpower-lean economy. Through initiatives like **Workfare** and
the **Progressive Wage Model** , it also pursued inclusive growth by boosting
productivity and uplifting lower-wage workers.

### 2020s: Managing our Migrant Workforce

Migrant workers have been crucial to Singapore's development since the 1970s.
While this strategy enabled growth and met workforce needs, it required a
delicate calibration of economic and social considerations. MOM will continue
to transform the migrant worker ecosystem by fortifying housing standards,
improving healthcare support and enhancing social well-being.

_Over 2,000 migrant workers and volunteers came together with ACE Group for a
nature walk in celebration of World Mental Health Day. (Photo credit: MOM)_

### 2025 onwards: Pro-Worker, Pro-Growth, Pro-Singapore

As we chart the path ahead, MOM is committed to empowering Singaporeans to
access good job opportunities and have a secure retirement. MOM strives to
foster safe, fair and progressive workplaces. MOM will enable businesses to
thrive and create quality jobs.

