https://www.mom.gov.sg/careers/working-in-mom 
At the Ministry of Manpower (MOM), you can look forward to a purposeful and
rewarding career revolving around work that makes a meaningful impact on
everyone working in Singapore. Find out about what it’s like to be a MOMer and
the career opportunities available.

Here at MOM, we strive to build an [Empowered Workforce and Thriving
Workplaces](/about-us/about-mom). We create workforce and workplace policies
that foster resilience, adaptability, and a bright future for a thriving
Singapore. Our work transcends the boundaries of our desks – it takes us to
real workplaces all over Singapore.

## What you can expect

When you join MOM, you will work alongside the brightest and the best. We
believe in being people-centred, professional, passionate about progress and
great team players at work and when working with partners.

We pride ourselves on a diverse workforce. You will have the opportunity to
make a difference in the work that MOM does. We seek talent at every stage of
their career, including fresh graduates, mid-career professionals or retirees
ready to contribute at a higher level. We are always on the lookout for talent
of all kinds who have diverse experiences, knowledge, and skills. So seize the
opportunity to truly make a difference!

## MOM's focus

Our people are the heartbeat of MOM.

MOM’s vision of an **Empowered Workforce, Thriving Workplaces** aims to
develop and equip our local workforce with the skills, knowledge, and
resources they need to take charge of their careers, seize new opportunities,
and navigate the evolving job landscape confidently. We work alongside
employers and unions to develop and build thriving workplaces where workers
are safe, valued, and motivated, thereby fostering a productive and engaged
labour force.

We respect MOMers as diverse individuals who contribute to a team and
recognise that each of us can contribute differently.

To help our staff achieve work-life harmony, we offer services and programmes
such as:

  * Flexible work arrangements
  * Flexible benefits (FlexiGrow)
  * Study leave
  * Health care services
  * Recreational activities and other activity clubs

## Internships

Our internship programme is specially curated for students to learn more about
the Public Service work, giving you a chance to observe how policies are made,
how programmes are run, and how the work in MOM can be both complex and
purposeful.

Our internships offer the opportunity for real work, real learning, and real
contribution. With a deeper appreciation of the challenges and opportunities
in the public sector, and a better understanding of MOM's work, you may
eventually consider MOM as your potential employer when you graduate.

## Explore opportunities

Visit our website to explore the career opportunities in MOM and discover how
you can grow your career with us. If you are interested, send us your
application via
[Careers@Gov](https://jobs.careers.gov.sg/?a=Ministry+of+Manpower).

[](https://tafep.sg/tripartite-standards)

