https://www.mom.gov.sg/about-us/divisions-and-statutory-boards/assurance-care-and-engagement-group 
The Assurance, Care and Engagement (ACE) Group works closely with stakeholders
to enable a resilient ecosystem to support the well-being of migrant workers
so that businesses have access to workers who are productive and appreciated
by the community.

## Vision

A migrant workforce that is productive, cared for and appreciated by the
community.

## Mission

We anticipate, prepare for and respond swiftly to contingencies involving
migrant workers.

In partnership with stakeholders, we protect migrant workers’ employment
rights, provide them access to basic healthcare, improve their housing and
recreational environment and foster greater acceptance by the community.

VIDEO

## Our logo

The ACE logo depicts the joining of hands of various stakeholders in unison to
support the well-being of our migrant workers. The five key stakeholders are
connected through a star symbol depicting our shared aspiration to achieve
excellence in strengthening the migrant worker ecosystem in Singapore:

  * Migrant workers
  * Employers and dormitory operators
  * Non-Governmental Organisations
  * Government agencies
  * Community partners 

The human symbols represent the whole of society’s efforts in caring for our
migrant workforce. The orange represents the resilience of our migrant
workers, while the shades of blue signify the trust and partnerships amongst
the various stakeholders to forge a strong migrant worker ecosystem.

## Our work

We focus on the following key areas:

  * Protect the employment rights of migrant workers
  * Enhance the living conditions of migrant workers and strengthen the resilience of dormitories against future pandemics
  * Enable migrant workers to have access to basic and affordable healthcare
  * Enable migrant workers to have adequate and convenient recreation options
  * Build partnerships with stakeholders to co-create effective solutions and engender a resilient ecosystem for issues involving migrant workers
  * Reinforce preparedness and maintain readiness to respond swiftly to contingencies involving migrant workers

## Our structure

ACE Group comprises three hubs:

### Operations Hub

Operations Hub focuses on service and operational planning, and implementation
of improved housing standards, healthcare support services, and socio-
recreation programmes and facilities for migrant workers. This includes
onboarding newly arrived Construction, Marine shipyard, and Process (CMP)
workers in Singapore, implementing the Primary Care Plan (PCP), supporting
public health surveillance as well as managing and developing recreation
centres for migrant workers. Operations Hub also oversees contingency planning
involving migrant workers.

### Plans Hub

Plans Hub leads the strategic planning, transformation efforts, and operation
policy development across housing, healthcare, and social planning aspects for
migrant workers. It also develops medical response strategies and ensures the
clinical and service quality of healthcare services.

Plans Hub oversees communication and engagement efforts and collaborates with
stakeholders and partners to support the well-being of migrant workers. It
also provides corporate support services, data and ops-tech support, and leads
digitalisation efforts to enhance operational capabilities within ACE.

### Forward Assurance and Support Teams (FAST) Command

FAST Command directly engages with migrant workers to proactively detect and
resolve MOM-related issues for workers. FAST officers are forward deployed to
protect migrant workers’ employment rights and manage the impact of migrant
workers in the community. FAST Command also drives ground initiatives to
engage migrant workers and key partners to support migrant workers’ overall
well-being as well as foster acceptance for the migrant workers in the
community.

FAST Command is prepared for contingencies involving migrant workers. In times
of crisis, the forward-deployed FAST officers will implement control and
mitigation measures and address ground sentiments to maintain public order
while assuring and caring for migrant workers at the dormitories.

