https://www.mom.gov.sg/about-us/about-mom 
## Championing Human Potential for a Thriving Singapore

Singaporeans are at the heart of what we do. The Ministry of Manpower empowers
our people and fosters a thriving, inclusive workforce that drives Singapore’s
growth and prosperity. By working closely with our tripartite partners, and
industry and community stakeholders, we strive to create workforce and
workplace policies that foster resilience, adaptability, and a bright future
for a thriving Singapore.

## Our Mission

We empower Singaporeans to access good job opportunities and have a secure
retirement.  
We ensure workers are able to work in safe, fair and progressive workplaces.  
We enable businesses to thrive and create good jobs for Singaporeans.

**Explanation**

MOM will **empower Singaporeans to take charge of their careers and navigate
changes in the economy and labour market** through access to training,
resources and support so that they can **seize good job opportunities**. This
will in turn enable Singaporeans to **achieve income growth and a secure
retirement.**

We will work with employers, workers and unions to **reinforce the collective
workplace safety and health ownership** , and**uphold fairness, inclusivity
and progressive practices at workplaces**. This will **strengthen our social
compact** and **provide opportunities for all to progress**.

MOM will **enable businesses to thrive in a well-functioning labour market**
with **access to skilled local and complementary foreign manpower**. This will
help Singapore remain as an attractive location for businesses to invest in
and provide good jobs for Singaporeans.

Together with our tripartite partners, we will **engender win-win outcomes for
employers and workers** to propel our society and economy forward.

## Our Vision

Empowered Workforce, Thriving Workplaces.

**Explanation**

“Empowered Workforce” reflects MOM’s ambition to **develop and equip our local
workforce with the skills, knowledge and resources** they need to take charge
of their careers and navigate the evolving job landscape confidently. An
empowered workforce is one where workers are **adaptable, productive** and
able to **make informed decisions about their career paths** to **seize new
opportunities and achieve income growth**.

“Thriving Workplaces” reflects MOM’s aspiration to **develop and build
thriving workplaces with employers and unions so that workers are safe, valued
and motivated** to contribute their best. These workplaces will effectively
**harness the productive capacity of our workforce** while **providing
opportunities for all to participate** and be engaged in the labour force.

## Our Logo

MOM unveiled a new logo at its 70th anniversary dinner on 5 April 2025,
marking a new chapter in its journey.

The circle at the top of the logo reflects our focus on people — employers,
employees, and MOMers – highlighting that they are at the heart of everything
we do. Three distinctive stripes represent the vital tripartite partnership
between government, employers, and unions, emphasising our collaborative
efforts to create a resilient and dynamic workforce. The colour palette
balances stability and relatability: a dark blue, signifying trust and
stability; a modern blue representing adaptability and innovation; and an
orange accent adding warmth and relatability.

Together, these elements underscore MOM's unique role – dedicated to
empowering individuals, creating opportunities for growth, and ensuring
Singapore’s workforce remains globally competitive.

## Service principles

MOM adopts the **H.E.A.R.T.** principles in delivering service to our
customers and stakeholders.

**H.E.A.R.T.** stands for:

  * **H** ear them out.  
We listen to, understand and engage our customers and stakeholders.

  * Make it **E** asy  
We simplify our policies and processes to make it easy to understand.

  * **A** nticipate their needs  
We anticipate and make continuous improvements to meet the needs of our
customers and stakeholders.

  * **R** espect every individual  
We accord respect to everyone who interacts with MOM.

  * Be **T** imely  
We strive to continually meet the service standard and promises made.

