https://www.mom.gov.sg/eservices 
Select Category Account management Accredited training provider Asbestos
removal contractor Authorised examiner for lifting equipment Authorised
examiner for pressure vessels Crane contractor Crane operator Dependant's Pass
Designated workplace doctor Employment agency Employment Pass Employment
practices EntrePass Factory Hygiene monitoring Industrial Relations Matter
Letter of Consent Lifting equipment Long-Term Visit Pass Medical monitoring
Miscellaneous Work Pass Payment services Personalised Employment Pass Pressure
vessels S Pass Safety and health management systems Scaffold contractor Third-
party inspection agency Trade unions Training Employment Pass Training Work
Permit Work accident reporting Work Holiday Pass Work injury compensation Work
notification Work Pass Exempt Activities Work Permit for confinement nanny
Work Permit for foreign domestic worker Work Permit for foreign worker Work
Permit for performing artiste Worker training records Workplace safety and
health auditing organisation Workplace safety and health officer

Estimated time to complete: 5 mins

You are able to request amendments or deletions to your iReport submissions,
particularly for fields that cannot be modified directly in the iReport
eService (those appearing as greyed-out) due to cases being in processing or
follow-up stages.

<https://form.gov.sg/67f8bdd98a12f663b2f36801>

Estimated time to complete: 5 mins

Persons or EAs can appeal for the rejected pass types below:

  * EntrePass
  * Personalised Employment Pass
  * Work Holiday Pass
  * Dependant's Pass/Long-Term Visit Pass that is tied to an EntrePass/Personalised Employment Pass

<https://form.gov.sg/60bf57b5f9b60d0011ab6c5d>

Estimated time to complete: 5 mins

Employers or EAs in the construction or process sector can appeal for a
revoked Work Permit/ IPA or request to proceed with a Work Permit application.

<https://form.gov.sg/61ad9e65bf6617001372d2a6>

Estimated time to complete: 5 mins

Employers or EAs in the manufacturing sector can appeal for a revoked Work
Permit/ IPA or request to proceed with a Work Permit application.

<https://form.gov.sg/61adddb07d7880001334d175>

Estimated time to complete: 5 mins

Employers in the marine shipyard sector can appeal for a revoked Work Permit/
IPA or request to proceed with a Work Permit application.

<https://form.gov.sg/61809f6ab316af00132c24c0>

Estimated time to complete: 5 mins

Employers or EAs in the services sector can appeal for a revoked Work Permit/
IPA or request to proceed with a Work Permit application.

<https://form.gov.sg/61ad950a7d7880001329c5a3>

Estimated time to complete: 5 mins

Business employers or EAs can appeal to refund overstaying fines for their
pass holders.

<https://www.mom.gov.sg/refund-os>

Estimated time to complete: 5 mins

Employers can appeal to refund overstaying fines for their migrant domestic
workers (MDWs).

<https://www.mom.gov.sg/refund-os-fdw>

Estimated time to complete: 5 mins

Business employers or EAs can appeal to renew a Work Pemit for their migrant
worker.

<https://www.mom.gov.sg/renew-work-permit>

Estimated time to complete: 5 mins

Employers can appeal to renew a Work Permit for their migrant domestic worker
(MDW).

<https://www.mom.gov.sg/renew-work-permit-mdw>

